Configurable web interface API (#316)
pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK: docs/labs.rst

===============================
Labs - Experimental APIs
===============================

The pi-top Python SDK Labs are a set of classes which are being provided as
experiments in exciting new ways to interact with your device. Everything in
Labs is subject to change so use at your own risk.

Web
====

The Web Labs have been created with the goal of giving users the power to create
websites that run on the pi-top, and so can control the pi-top remotely. To
achieve this we have added a number of classes which each serve a different
purpose:

> - WebServer for simple websites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebServer: for simple static websites or ground-up customisation
```

> - WebController for building websites that interact with your pi-top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebController: 'batteries included' for building websites that interact with your pi-top
```

Author: how about `WebController: 'batteries included' WebServer for building websites that interact with your pi-top`?

> - RoverWebController for controlling rover projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RoverWebController: prebuilt but customisable webpage for controlling rover-style robots
```

> - Prebuilt blueprints for quickly adding features to your custom WebServers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Blueprint: a selection of prebuilt features to drop into your custom WebServers
```
